Week 1
We formed our group and chose to do the waiter project.
We set up our Jira page and I was assigned Scrum Master for the team.
Over the next week we will each do individual research on possible solutions to our problem and write out our requirements more specifically to compare and collate next week.

Week 2
As a group we discussed the scope and complexity of our project.
We decided to have a draft proposal ready for the next tutorial and I will be working on the ‘Existing Systems and Drawbacks’ section as well as contributing to the ‘epics’ section along with the rest of the group.
We had a meeting through the week to work on the ‘epics’ section together. In this meeting we selected one each to complete by the next lesson.
I also created wire-frames of the UI for the proposal.

Week 3
We went through our draft proposal, received feedback from our tutor and refined our epics.
As a group we made a plan to finish the proposal for Sunday.
Next lesson we will aim to demo epic 1, the login system.
I will be working on the front-end with Angus and researching the best frameworks to use for the project.

Week 4
In class we showed our progress to our tutor and discussed our proposal.
Updated Jira to create all the requirements for our first sprint.
By Sunday we hope to have the login page working.
I will be working on the homepage and login page front end.

Week 5
Last week we got a start on the login feature however we had trouble connecting the front and and backend through the API.
In the next week I will work with Tripta to make this connection.
I will also work on creating more pages for the front end.

Week 6
Last week I worked with Tripta to connect the front wnd and back-end. We have made good progress but not managed to complete everything.
By tomorrow we will finish this sprint and complete the login function.
We will then move on to the next sprint which is the menu function (reading and editing the menu).
Since we have now worked out the FE-BE connection, this next sprint should be much smoother than the last one.

Week 7
Last week we finally completed the login sprint and moved on to creating the menu.
I will work on the manager editing and updating the menu and will have this done by Friday.
I also have some general style changes to make such as adding a back and home button to the header.
We are a bit behind our sprint schedule and have 3 weeks to complete our project but now that we all have the hang of it I am confident we will get it done.

Week 8
We almost completed the entire menu sprint in the last week.
In the front end, I worked on the manager creating and managing the menu and Tripta worked on the customer ordering system.
We just have a few final touches to finish in the next few days before this sprint is done.
We have changed the ways that 'extra' food items relate to the menu as our original plan was too complex and messy to implement.
Instead of extra's being assigned to different menu items in a many-to-many relationship, we will now have extra items associated with a category so they will work very similar to normal food items.
I need to work on that change and also help Tripta with the styling of her section.
I have also been helping Leonard and Angus learn the front end so they can help contribute as well.
After thise jobs are complete on Friday, we will merge all of the changes from this sprint and move on to the next one.
For the next sprint, we will create the notifications that are passed between different staff types (food is ordered, food is ready, customer assistance etc).

Week 9
Last week we completed the remainder of the menu sprint and also managed to get all of the communication between user types done.
We now have a fully working system.
Last week I completed the assistance feature which includes the process of a user requesting assitance from a waiter and the waiter recieving and resolving the issue.
I also created the manager alerts pages which shows all of the current and resolved alerts from the past day (assistance and food orders).
After showing our work to the tutor we were given a few features to improve but overall got a good response for our progress.
This week I have a few touch-ups to make including:
- creating realistic dummy data
- displaying the menu separated into category pages
- displaying the total order price on the customer order confirmation page
In addition to this, our team will complete our final sprint which is an analytics page for the manager to see collated data about menu items, revenue and assistance requests.
My job will be displaying this data after Colin and Tripta work on the backend of it.

Week 10
The team completed everything for the demo!
I was in charge of planning the demo presentation, splitting up roles and ensuring we go through all functionalities of our system.
We finished the touch-ups suggested to us by out tutor and completed sprint 4, the manager analytics page.
I did all of the frontend work for this sprint.
After our demo, the tutor gave us some final touch-up suggestions before we submit our code next week.
I will implement an optional ‘note’ for kitchen staff to add to an order once they have completed it so they can notify a waiter if there was an issue with the customer’s order request.
We are also changing the customer assistance request page to have check boxes instead of radio boxes.
While Leonard is changing that page, I will need to make sure the analytics for assistance requests still works with the new system and update it if it does not.
We also need to write the report for next week and the parts will be split evenly among the group.

