Comp3900 BLog

Week 1 
Group is form and choose to the project topic of ‘waiter’ after considering a wide range of projects presented to us.  
We did our own reading and research on the topic. Jira and teamwork related tools are set up. 

Week 2 
Draft of the proposal is written.
Ideas for the project are being discussed and being formed into epics. 
Write up for Epics with epic stories and background is being done.  
Technicalities of how the app should operate and look is discussed in the lab meeting.

Week 3
Planning and getting done with the first sprint of JIRA. 
Looked into Atlassian site on agile on JIRA and also scrum. 
Proposal changes are bring finalised and tweaked based on the feedback tutor gave from the draft. 
Roles were given out and I am to work with Colin on the backend of the project. 

Week 4
Getting started with Django and Rest framework with own APIs.
Looking into the setups of the project and required dependencies.


Week 5
Still getting used to the Django framework and the APIs needed.
Login page was done u. Catching up to Colin who did a lot of the back end work. 
Tripta has also climbed on board to the back end side.

Week 6 
Attempted to write test case for back end implementation. 

Week 7
Switching over to the front-end and have to learn JS and Angular due to them being totally new for me.

Week 8
Having Lauren bring me up to speed with the front-end side of things. 
Done up staff display to mangers only if they are active. 
Implemented the case where managers cannot change the state of his/her own type. 

Week 9
Implemented Managers are able to archive the staffs in the front end. 
Implemented the Assistance Request for the customers. 
Found solutions to disable text box when the checkbox isn’t selected

Week 10 
Learning more about CSS and Angular animations and implementing them on the clients view pages. 
On angular is is done by importing animations with a html tag that is provided and for the buttons are done on .css files.

Week 11 
Finalising certain changes on the front end of the project based on the feedback given from Rachid during the Q&A session of the demo. 
Working on the Report
